Dev-2420: Port normalizer logic & standardize models (#209)
NCI-GDC/gdc-models: README.md

## Update the data models

> ### Export

Reviewer: nit: I'm thinking update or sync-models aligns more with the definition than export. Might be graphmanager's export feature messing with my head :)

Exporting is the process of updating the models with any properties which may be derived from external sources, normalizing keywords, as well as insuring all default mapping values are set. This process should be run after the gdcdictionary is updated and when any new property is added to the viz indices.

> The process can be run for any index (-i) and any of its doc-types (-d). Multiple can be spcified in the command line and if none are provided for either all of the respective type are run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The process can be run for any index (-i) and any of its doc-types (-d). Multiple can be specified on the command line and if none are provided for either all of the respective type are run.
```

#### Examples
Run all indices/doc-types:
```bash
python -m gdcmodels.export
```

Run all associated doc-types:
```bash
python -m gdcmodels.export -i gdc_from_graph -i case_centric
```

Run a singular doc-type:
```bash
python -m gdcmodels.export -i gdc_from_graph -d file
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you extend this section as to what to do after the export?

Author: I added an after section. It's quite straight forward: review/commit/merge.
